fix(css): simplify unlayered style description (#34345)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@layer/index.md

## Description

Rules within a cascade layer cascade together, giving more control over the cascade to web developers. Styles that are not defined in a layer always override styles declared in named and anonymous layers.

The following diagram shows layer priorities where layers are declared in 1, 2, ..., N order.

> ![Diagram showing cascade layer priorities](layer_cascade.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram showing cascade layer priorities](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/css/at-rules/layer-cascade.svg)
```

Author: @bsmth The new URL is giving the following error in page preview:
> Refused to load the image 'https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/css/at-rules/layer-cascade.svg' because it violates the following Content Security Policy directive: "img-src 'self' *.githubusercontent.com *.googleusercontent.com *.gravatar.com mozillausercontent.com firefoxusercontent.com profile.stage.mozaws.net profile.accounts.firefox.com media.prod.mdn.mozit.cloud media.stage.mdn.mozit.cloud interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net interactive-examples.mdn.allizom.net wikipedia.org www.google-analytics.com www.gstatic.com".

Will it work on live site?

Reviewer: This is a known bug, CSP rules have to be updated on dev (preview) env. They have been added in prod via Yari. See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview for example.

> Here declaration order matters. First delcared layer gets lowest priority and the last layer gets highets priority. But priority is reversed when [`!important`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/important) flag is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The declaration order matters. The first declared layer gets the lowest priority and the last declared layer gets the highest priority. However, the priority is reversed when the [`!important`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/important) flag is used.
```
